CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

## Issues
In the case of a bug report, a suggestions, or if you just need help, please feel very free to open an issue.

For general issues, please use the following labels:
- Something is not working as intended: `Bug`
- Need help with something: `Help wanted`
- Have a question: `Question`
- Have a suggestion or want to request a feature: `Enhancement`
- Does the question regard direflow-component: `Direflow Component`
- Does the question regard direflow-cli: `Direflow CLI`

## Pull request
Pull requests are really welcome!

### Version
When doing a pull request, please make sure to include an new version in your PR.
There are multiple packages that needs to be in sync, so in order to update the version of Direflow, please use the script:
```console
npm run update-version <new-version>
```

In order to create a version patch, use the command:
```console
npm run update-version patch
```

## Developing on Direflow
Start by making a fork of the direflow repository, and clone it down.

### Install
Now cd into the project folder and run the command:
```console
npm run install:all
```
This command will install the project, the packages and all peer dependencies.

### Link
In order to test your changes locally, you want to link the project using the command:
```console
npm link
```

Now, in order to make sure all version-references are pointed to your local version of the project, use the command:
```console
npm run update-version link
```

_NB: To do all of this in one command, you can use:_
```console
npm run setup-local
```

### Build
After applying your changes, build the project using the command:
```console
npm run build:full
```

Now, test that the project is working by using the command:
```console
direflow -v
```

This should give you the latest version with a '-link' appended:
```console
  Current version of direflow-cli:
  3.4.3-link
```
In this way you know that the command `direflow` is using your local setup.

Now, test your new functionality.
> Note: After you have build the project using build:full, you may want to run install:all again before continuing to develop.

### Commit the changes
Before committing your new changes, remember to change the version using the command:
```console
npm run update-version <new-version>
```

### Create the PR
Create a branch for your changes called '_feature/name-of-the-changes_'.
Make a PR into the **development** branch on the direflow repository.

## Updating the docs
If you introduced user-facing changes, please update the [direflow-docs](https://github.com/Silind-Software/direflow-docs) accordingly.

## Additional resources
Check out the [Direflow Wiki](https://github.com/Silind-Software/direflow/wiki). Here you can find guides and know-how that will help you developing on Direflow.

Commit message:

Feature/revive (#4)
* Update react peer deps to version 17

* Bump all packages to next unrealeased version

* Update temporary version to local link

* Use prettier

* Update react UMDs to version 18

* Use react 17.0.2

* Formatting

* Formatting and fix pathIndex resolution

* Update dependencies in TS template

* Update dependencies in JS template

* Fix json syntax error

* Update mock-fs and fix test

* Figure out cypress in wsl

* Update version to 3.5.8

Co-authored-by: Matus Benko <matus.benko@finapi.io>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## Issues
In the case of a bug report, a suggestions, or if you just need help, please feel very free to open an issue.

For general issues, please use the following labels:
- Something is not working as intended: `Bug`
- Need help with something: `Help wanted`
- Have a question: `Question`
- Have a suggestion or want to request a feature: `Enhancement`
- Does the question regard direflow-component: `Direflow Component`
- Does the question regard direflow-cli: `Direflow CLI`

## Pull request
Pull requests are really welcome!

### Version
When doing a pull request, please make sure to include an new version in your PR.
There are multiple packages that needs to be in sync, so in order to update the version of Direflow, please use the script:
```console
npm run update-version <new-version>
```

In order to create a version patch, use the command:
```console
npm run update-version patch
```

## Developing on Direflow
Start by making a fork of the direflow repository, and clone it down.

### Install
Now cd into the project folder and run the command:
```console
npm run install:all
```
This command will install the project, the packages and all peer dependencies.

### Link
In order to test your changes locally, you want to link the project using the command:
```console
npm link
```

Now, in order to make sure all version-references are pointed to your local version of the project, use the command:
```console
npm run update-version link
```

_NB: To do all of this in one command, you can use:_
```console
npm run setup-local
```

### Build
After applying your changes, build the project using the command:
```console
npm run build:full
```

Now, test that the project is working by using the command:
```console
direflow -v
```

This should give you the latest version with a '-link' appended:
```console
  Current version of direflow-cli:
  3.4.3-link
```
In this way you know that the command `direflow` is using your local setup.

Now, test your new functionality.
> Note: After you have build the project using build:full, you may want to run install:all again before continuing to develop.

### Cypress tests WSL

If cypress is not working in WSL, then we can run them from windows against test-setup which is served from the WSL.

In WSL:
```
. scripts/bash/testSetupUtil.sh
install
build
```

In Windows, clone project and install npm dependencies, then run cypress tests:
```
npm run cypress:open
```

After finished testing, cleanup test-setup in WSL:
```
cleanup
```

### Commit the changes
Before committing your new changes, remember to change the version using the command:
```console
npm run update-version <new-version>
```

### Create the PR
Create a branch for your changes called '_feature/name-of-the-changes_'.
Make a PR into the **development** branch on the direflow repository.

## Updating the docs
If you introduced user-facing changes, please update the [direflow-docs](https://github.com/Silind-Software/direflow-docs) accordingly.

## Additional resources
Check out the [Direflow Wiki](https://github.com/Silind-Software/direflow/wiki). Here you can find guides and know-how that will help you developing on Direflow.
